c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\FaceAPI.exe.config
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\FaceAPI.exe
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\FaceAPI.pdb
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Common.dll
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ProjectOxford.Face.dll
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI.csproj.App.config
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI.g.resources
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI.exe
c:\users\dung2.nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FaceAPI\FaceAPI\obj\Debug\FaceAPI.pdb
